for over 25 years ipg has been known as
a trusted leader and buying group in the
comedian pool and hottub industry our
board of directors is comprised of six
successful knowledgeable ipg members and
they're just like you pool and spa
retailers whose vast knowledge helps
guide the development of policies from
which all IBG members can benefit
what else makes ipg number one well how
about the fact that we have over 60
members across Canada and numerous
suppliers and partners throughout North
America
our relationship with ipt has been
tremendous over the last three four
years we met a lot of friends a lot of
money and I like to think we made a lot
of consumers happy keep coming back now
we're looking forward to see more people
today it's well organized we've seen a
lot of people so far getting a lot of
feedback which helps us getting better
the show it's been really good so far
we've benefited greatly from ipg just do
the fact of their large customer base
they're friendly people to work with and
their hands on approach to trade show
displays we've met people from Vancouver
who are very interested in is evil
looking for a supplier we met somebody
from Newfoundland today and the number
of people one from to st. Marie and
others from around Ontario who didn't
even know we exist it's a really
beneficial for us being here at the show
is very exciting it's very dynamic and
we are very pleased to be part of the
ipg family
you
he ran a PG we work hard and we play
hard
bye
you
Oh